Production WSGI server (#299)
sse-secure-systems/connaisseur: docs/adr/ADR-7_wsgi-server.md

    loadtest: loadtest
spec:
  containers:
  - name: container1
    image: busybox
    command: ['sh', '-c', 'sleep 3600']
  - name: container2
    image: redis
  - name: container3
    image: node
  - name: container4
    image: nginx
  initContainers:
  - name: container5
    image: rabbitmq
  - name: container6
    image: elasticsearch
  - name: container7
    image: sonarqube

---

apiVersion: v1
kind: Pod
metadata:
  name: pod-with-coinciding-containers-and-init-containers
  labels:
    loadtest: loadtest
spec:
  containers:
  - name: container1
    image: busybox
    command: ['sh', '-c', 'sleep 3600']
  - name: container2
    image: redis
  - name: container3
    image: node
  initContainers:
  - name: init1
    image: busybox
    command: ['sh', '-c', 'sleep 3600']
  - name: init2
    image: redis
  - name: init3
    image: node
</pre>
</details>

None of the servers regularly managed to pass this particular loadtest. However, the pods powered by the Flask server regularly died and had to be restarted, whereas both Cheroot and uWSGI had nearly no restarts and never on all instances. uWSGI seldomly even manged to pass the test.

##### Less complex requests with some load

> Since in the above the most complex request was the bottleneck, we tried an instance of the test with less complexity in the individual requests but more. However, that led to no real distinguishing behaviour across the servers.

Author: Yes

 * Serving Flask app 'connaisseur.flask_server' (lazy loading)
 * Environment: production
   WARNING: This is a development server. Do not use it in a production deployment.
   Use a production WSGI server instead.
```
did cause anguish among users, see e.g. [issue 11](https://github.com/sse-secure-systems/connaisseur/issues/11).

## Considered options

### Choice 1: WSGI server

There's plenty of WSGI server around and the question poses itself, which one to pick. Flask itself has a [list of servers](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/deploying/), there's comparisons around, for example [here](https://medium.com/django-deployment/which-wsgi-server-should-i-use-a70548da6a83) and [here](https://www.appdynamics.com/blog/engineering/a-performance-analysis-of-python-wsgi-servers-part-2/). The choice, which WSGI servers to test was somewhat arbitrary among better performing ones in the posts.

Contenders were Bjoern, Cheroot, Flask, Gunicorn and uWSGI. Bjoern was immediately dropped, since it works only with Python2. Gunicorn was tested for a bit, but since it delivered worse results than the others and it requires a writable log directory, it was also dropped from contention.

> The remaining three were tested over a rather long of development, i.e. from before the first bit of validation parallelization to after the 2.0 release. All tests were run on local minikube/kind clusters with rather constrained resources in the expectation that this will still provide reasonable insight into the servers' behaviour on regular production clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The remaining three were tested over a rather long time of development, i.e. from before the first bit of validation parallelization to after the 2.0 release. All tests were run on local minikube/kind clusters with rather constrained resources in the expectation that this will still provide reasonable insight into the servers' behavior on regular production clusters.
```
